feat(FEC-10486): Lock orientation according to screenLockOrientionMode config when switching to full screen (#499)
kaltura/playkit-js: docs/configuration.md

>  streamPriority: Array<PKStreamPriorityObject>,
>  preferNative: PKPreferNativeConfigObject,
>  inBrowserFullscreen: boolean,
>  playAdsWithMSE: boolean,

> > screenLockOrientionMode: string

Reviewer: indent

>  muted: false,
>  pictureInPicture: true,
>  playAdsWithMSE: false,

> > screenLockOrientionMode: '',

Reviewer: indent

> >  screenLockOrientionMode: '',

Reviewer: Need to change to the none enum

>
> ##
>
> > ### config.playback.screenLockOrientionMode
> >
> > ##### Type: `string` - value list option in ScreenOrientationType
> >

> > > ##### Default: ``

Reviewer: fix default

> >
> > ```js
> > screenLockOrientionMode: string;
> > ```
> >

> > > > ##### Description: Gives the ability to lock the screen on fullscreen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> > > ##### Description: Gives the ability to lock the screen orientation in fullscreen
```
